src/_team/chris.md, before:

---
heading:
    pre: Chris Sargent
sub_heading: Founder & Digital Director
type: team
order: 1
layout: article
image: chris.jpg
published: true
cont_size: --s
---

With a background in technology and business development, Chris has not only the expertise to successfully build your digital project, but also a keen understanding of what is most important for our customers. He wrote his first 'code' on a BBC Basic computer; some games from a programming book and has been building websites since 2000 (the normal story of building one for his band!). His passion for design has always played an important part of his life and was often drawing cars and dreaming of being an industrial designer at school.

After cultivating his creativity through years of writing music and playing in hard rock bands, the web is now the perfect outlet to bring together his experience. In his role as designer / developer, he specialises in front-end builds, style guides and user interaction using HTML, CSS, JavaScript, SASS, LESS, Angular, jQuery, Jekyll, Twig, WordPress, PHP, Greensock (animations), Grunt, Gulp etc.

Commit message:

Adding team pages, converting to more BEM flavour CSS

src/_team/chris.md, after:

---
name: Chris Sargent
job_title: Founder & Digital Director
order: 1
image: chris.jpg
published: true
---

With a background in technology and business development, Chris has both a keen understanding of what is most important for our clients, their products and their customer but also the expertise to successfully build and manager your digital projects. He wrote his first 'code' on a BBC Basic computer - some games from a programming book - and has been building websites since 2000 (the familiar story of building one for his band!).

His passion for design has always played an important part of his life and was often drawing cars and dreaming of being an industrial designer at school. After feeding his creativity side through years of writing music and playing in hard rock bands, the digital world has now become the perfect outlet for him to bring together his product expertise, business development experience and satisfy his creative side.

**Specialties:** Style guides, UX / UI Consulting & Design, Product Management, HTML, CSS, JavaScript, SASS, LESS, React, Redux, Angular, jQuery, Jekyll, Twig, WordPress, PHP, Greensock, Grunt, Gulp, Webpack etc.
